Update readme (installation section) (#740)
sentinel-hub/eo-learn: README.md

## Package Overview

**`eo-learn`** package is structured into several topical subfolders according to different functionalities. Some subfolders contain extension modules under `extra` subfolder. Those modules typically require additional package dependencies which don't get installed by default, since they are usually very specific to the task.

The subfolders are:

> - **`core`** - The main folder which implements basic building blocks (`EOPatch`, `EOTask` and `EOWorkflow`) and commonly used functionalities.

Reviewer: is it folder (repo view) or module (package view)? do we care?

- **`coregistration`** - Tasks which deal with image co-registration.
- **`features`** - A collection of utilities for extracting data properties and feature manipulation.
- **`geometry`** - Geometry-related tasks used for transformation and conversion between vector and raster data.
- **`io`** - Input/output tasks that deal with obtaining data from Sentinel Hub services or saving and loading data locally.
- **`mask`** - Tasks used for masking of data and calculation of cloud/snow/other masks.
- **`ml-tools`** - Various tools that can be used before or after the machine learning process.
- **`visualization`** - Visualization tools for the core elements of eo-learn.

## Installation

### Requirements

> Before installing `eo-learn` on **Linux** it is recommended to install the following system libraries:

Reviewer: should these be names `OS specific requirements` or something?

Author: I added sections for Linux/Mac OS and Windows

```bash
sudo apt-get install gcc libgdal-dev graphviz proj-bin libproj-dev libspatialindex-dev
```

Before installing `eo-learn` on **Windows** it is recommended to install the following packages from [Unofficial Windows wheels repository](https://www.lfd.uci.edu/~gohlke/pythonlibs/):

```bash
gdal
rasterio
shapely
fiona
```

One of the `[MASK_EXTRA]` dependencies is the `lightgbm` package. On Windows it requires 64 bit Python distribution. If having problems during installation please check [LightGBM installation guide](https://lightgbm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/Installation-Guide.html).

### PyPi distribution

The package requires Python version **>=3.8** . It can be installed with:

```bash
pip install eo-learn
```

In order to avoid heavy package dependencies it is possible to install various scopes of package dependencies. Dependencies for each of the subfolders above (or their extra dependencies) can be installed via e.g.:

```bash
pip install "eo-learn[FEATURES]"
pip install "eo-learn[FEATURES_EXTRA]"
```

Collections of dependencies are also available, some of them are:

> - `[ALL]` for installing the basic dependencies without extras

Reviewer: this subsection might need to be revised after we finalize extras, somethings might change

Author: added `[ZARR]` as discussed

fiona
```

One of the `[MASK_EXTRA]` dependencies is the `lightgbm` package. On Windows it requires 64 bit Python distribution. If having problems during installation please check [LightGBM installation guide](https://lightgbm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/Installation-Guide.html).

### PyPi distribution

The package requires Python version **>=3.8** . If this is your first time installing `eo-learn`, or you aren't sure what kind of installation you require, than feel free to install it with:

```bash
pip install "eo-learn[ALL]"
```

This will install the package and all the default modules. Otherwise, if you're interested in a super light, core-only installation of `eo-learn`, then install it via:

```bash
pip install eo-learn
# pip install "eo-learn[CORE]"  # this does the same thing
```

In order to avoid heavy environments, it is possible to install various scopes of package dependencies. Dependencies for each of the subfolders above (or their extra dependencies) can be installed via e.g.:

```bash
pip install "eo-learn[FEATURES]"

> pip install "eo-learn[FEATURES_EXTRA]"

Reviewer: I would perhaps structure this differently. More in a way of:
"To better control your dependencies you can install just the core dependencies of `eolearn` with `pip install eo-learn` or you can customize, which modules you want operational by providing the corresponding extras, e.g. `pip install eo-learn[IO, MASK]` if you are only interested in the `io` and `mask` submodules.

And then i'd also have a list of all these subpackage extras and their extra extras? I feel like this is the place to have this information, we shouldn't expect users to rummage through our `pyproject.toml`

Author: updated and added the list

fiona
```

One of the `[MASK_EXTRA]` dependencies is the `lightgbm` package. On Windows it requires 64 bit Python distribution. If having problems during installation please check [LightGBM installation guide](https://lightgbm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/Installation-Guide.html).

### PyPi distribution

The package requires Python version **>=3.8** . If this is your first time installing `eo-learn`, or you aren't sure what kind of installation you require, then you can safely install it with:

```bash
pip install "eo-learn[ALL]"
```

To better control your dependencies, you can install just the core dependencies of `eo-learn` with:

```bash
pip install eo-learn
```

Alternatively, you can decide for yourself which modules you want to be operational by providing the corresponding extras. E.g., if you are only interested in the `io` and `mask` modules, or in the extra dependencies of the `features` module, you can install them with:

```bash
pip install "eo-learn[IO, MASK]"
pip install "eo-learn[FEATURES_EXTRA]"
```

Here is a full list of all the modules' dependencies and their extras:

- `COREGISTRATION`
- `FEATURES`

> - `FEATURES_EXTRA`

Reviewer: perhaps "`FEATURES` and `FEATURES_EXTRA`" to conserve space? what do you think?

Author: agreed, done

### PyPi distribution

The package requires Python version **>=3.8** . If this is your first time installing `eo-learn`, or you aren't sure what kind of installation you require, than feel free to install it with:

```bash
pip install "eo-learn[ALL]"
```

This will install the package and all the default modules. Otherwise, if you're interested in a super light, core-only installation of `eo-learn`, then install it via:

```bash
pip install eo-learn

> # pip install "eo-learn[CORE]"  # this does the same thing

Reviewer: actually it does not because there is no `[CORE]` extra :)

Author: fixed

## More Examples

> Examples and introductions to the package can be found [here](https://github.com/sentinel-hub/eo-learn/tree/master/examples). A larger collection of examples is available at the [`eo-learn-examples`](https://github.com/sentinel-hub/eo-learn-examples) repository. While the examples there are not always up-to-date they can be a great source of ideas.

Reviewer: should we add somewhere that some tasks are also there?

Author: I'm not sure what you mean. To specifically mention that older eo-learn tasks were moved there? I can add that, yes.

Reviewer: yes

Author: added

## More Examples

Examples and introductions to the package can be found [here](https://github.com/sentinel-hub/eo-learn/tree/master/examples). A larger collection of examples is available at the [`eo-learn-examples`](https://github.com/sentinel-hub/eo-learn-examples) repository. While the examples there are not always up-to-date they can be a great source of ideas.

> In the past, `eo-learn` served as a collection of many useful tasks, originating from various contributors or projects. When the mission and purpose of `eo-learn` changed, we have decided to move these specific tasks to [`eo-learn-examples/extra-tasks`](https://github.com/sentinel-hub/eo-learn-examples/tree/main/extra-tasks), in order to keep `eo-learn` light and easier to maintain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the past, `eo-learn` served as a collection of many useful tasks, originating from various contributors or projects. In order to keep `eo-learn` light and easy to maintain, we have decided to move these specific tasks to [`eo-learn-examples/extra-tasks`](https://github.com/sentinel-hub/eo-learn-examples/tree/main/extra-tasks), .
```
